JUDY WOODRUFF: And now for our
"NewsHour"
Shares, something that caught
our eye that
we thought might be of interest
to you too.
The U.S. Geological Survey on
Tuesday released
its first ever digital map of
the nation's
northernmost state. In vibrant
colors, it
reveals thousands of Alaska's
geological details
that can be used to contribute
to mineral,
energy, hazard, and other types
of scientific
assessments.
Shades of red represent areas
where rare-earth
elements, like those used in
electronics,
are most likely to be uncovered,
while green
represents the rocks where most
dinosaur fossils
are found. It took Frederic
Wilson, along
with a team of a dozen unpaid
retired scientists,
some 20 years to create. They
drew on more
than 750 references, some dating
back to the
early 1900s.
Scientists say a map like this
could help
identify new earthquake fault
zones and help
the oil and gas industry scope
out their next
big find.